Current HDAs:

Deoxyribonucleotides Visualizer HDA:

Let's you visualize and isolate select Deoxyribonucleotides in the Protein.
Let's you count how many there are in the protein
Counts the different elements contained inside of the molecules
Color and Visualization Options
Allows for different visualization options for space filling and wireframe

Ribonucleotides Visualizer HDA: 

Let's you visualize and isolate select Ribonucleotides in the Protein.
Let's you count how many there are in the protein
Counts the different elements contained inside of the molecules
Color and Visualization Options
Allows for different visualization options for space filling and wireframe

Amino Acid HDA:

Let's you visualize and isolate select Amino Acids in the Protein.
Let's you count how many there are in the protein
Counts the different elements contained inside of the molecules
Color and Visualization Options
Allows for different visualization options for space filling and wireframe

Amino Animate HDA:

Animates the protein by the temperature factor of the particles.
Visualization options for the average, minimum , and maximum temperature per atom
Color options for visualizing the temperature throughout the protein.

Isolate Chain HDA:

Isolates the different chains inside the structure. 
Allows for visual guides to see which chain you are visualizing

Space filling HDA: 

Allows for an overall Space filling diagram to be created throughout the structure. 
Allows for different visualizations of elements throughout the structure
Allows for correct atomical counts in the structure


Ribbon Diagram HDA:

Allows for Ribbon diagrams to be formed from the protein 
Allows you to isolate and visualize certain amino acids on the ribbons 
Works in tandem with the isolate Chain HDA.
Color Options

Open and Closed State Virus HDA:

This HDA only works with Virus Proteins
This HDA works with both the open and closed states of the protein to let you visualize the in-between states of the solve.
Works in tandem with the Isolate Chain HDA
Allows for animation of the protein

Residue Isolator HDA

- Isolates the residues/small molecules within the structure.
- Works similarly to the Amioacid HDA
- Color and visualization options for elements

Sequence Similarities HDA

- Allows you to compare the similar ResSeq between different proteins
- Spacefilling options
- Element color visualization options

Atomic Properties HDA:

Assigns properties onto the different elements contains in the structure:
This includes Density, Atomic weight, Boiling Point, Melting Point, and Charge
Options for deleting attributes that are unneeded. 

Ionic Properities HDA:

- Creates up to 3 ionic energies per element
- Color Visualization Options
- Options for deleting unessicary attributes

Charge Visualization HDA:

- Visualizes the charges associated with the elements
- Trail and atomic modelling options
- color adjustment options

Electronegativity Visualization HDA

- Visualizes the Electronegativity associated with the elements
- Trail and atomic modelling options
- color adjustment options

van der Wall Visualization HDA

- Visualizes the van der Wall radius associated with the elements
- Trail and atomic modelling options
- color adjustment options
